src/resources/v1/video-projects/README.md, before:

# v1-videoprojects

## Module Functions

<!-- CUSTOM DOCS START -->

<!-- CUSTOM DOCS END -->

### Delete video <a name="delete"></a>

Permanently delete the rendered video. This action is not reversible, please be sure before deleting.

**API Endpoint**: `DELETE /v1/video-projects/{id}`

#### Parameters

| Parameter | Required | Description | Example |
|-----------|:--------:|-------------|--------|
| `id` | ✓ | Unique ID of the video project. This value is returned by all of the POST APIs that create a video. | `"cuid-example"` |

#### Example Snippet

```typescript
import Client from "magic-hour";

const client = new Client({ token: process.env["API_TOKEN"]!! });
const res = await client.v1.videoProjects.delete({ id: "cuid-example" });

```

### Get video details <a name="get"></a>

Get the details of a video project. The `downloads` field will be empty unless the video was successfully rendered.

The video can be one of the following status
- `draft` - not currently used
- `queued` - the job is queued and waiting for a GPU
- `rendering` - the generation is in progress
- `complete` - the video is successful created
- `error` - an error occurred during rendering
- `canceled` - video render is canceled by the user


**API Endpoint**: `GET /v1/video-projects/{id}`

#### Parameters

| Parameter | Required | Description | Example |
|-----------|:--------:|-------------|--------|
| `id` | ✓ | Unique ID of the video project. This value is returned by all of the POST APIs that create a video. | `"cuid-example"` |

#### Example Snippet

```typescript
import Client from "magic-hour";

const client = new Client({ token: process.env["API_TOKEN"]!! });
const res = await client.v1.videoProjects.get({ id: "cuid-example" });

```

#### Response

##### Type
[V1VideoProjectsGetResponse](/src/types/v1-video-projects-get-response.ts)

##### Example
`{"createdAt": "1970-01-01T00:00:00", "creditsCharged": 450, "download": {"expiresAt": "2024-10-19T05:16:19.027Z", "url": "https://videos.magichour.ai/id/output.mp4"}, "downloads": [{"expiresAt": "2024-10-19T05:16:19.027Z", "url": "https://videos.magichour.ai/id/output.mp4"}], "enabled": true, "endSeconds": 15.0, "error": {"code": "no_source_face", "message": "Please use an image with a detectable face"}, "fps": 30.0, "height": 960, "id": "cuid-example", "name": "Example Name", "startSeconds": 0.0, "status": "complete", "totalFrameCost": 450, "type": "FACE_SWAP", "width": 512}`

Commit message:

chore: update readme for clients that aren't directly running generations (#107)

src/resources/v1/video-projects/README.md, after:

# v1-videoprojects

## Module Functions

<!-- CUSTOM DOCS START -->

### Check results <a name="check-result"></a>

Poll the details API to check on the status of the rendering. Optionally can also download the output

#### Parameters

| Parameter            | Required | Description                                                                                          | Example          |
| -------------------- | :------: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| `id`                 |    ✓     | Unique ID of the image project. This value is returned by all of the POST APIs that create an image. | `"cuid-example"` |
| `waitForCompletion`  |    ✗     | Whether to wait for the project to complete.                                                         | `True`           |
| `downloadOutputs`    |    ✗     | Whether to download the generated files                                                              | `True`           |
| `downloadDirectory`  |    ✗     | Directory to save downloaded files (defaults to current directory)                                   | `"./outputs"`    |

#### Synchronous Client

```typescript
import Client from "magic-hour";

const client = new Client({ token: process.env["API_TOKEN"]!! });

const result = await client.v1.videoProjects.checkResult(
    { id: "cuid-example" },
    {
        waitForCompletion: true,
        downloadOutputs: true,
        downloadDirectory: "outputs",
    },
);
```

<!-- CUSTOM DOCS END -->

### Delete video <a name="delete"></a>

Permanently delete the rendered video. This action is not reversible, please be sure before deleting.

**API Endpoint**: `DELETE /v1/video-projects/{id}`

#### Parameters

| Parameter | Required | Description | Example |
|-----------|:--------:|-------------|--------|
| `id` | ✓ | Unique ID of the video project. This value is returned by all of the POST APIs that create a video. | `"cuid-example"` |

#### Example Snippet

```typescript
import Client from "magic-hour";

const client = new Client({ token: process.env["API_TOKEN"]!! });
const res = await client.v1.videoProjects.delete({ id: "cuid-example" });

```

### Get video details <a name="get"></a>

Get the details of a video project. The `downloads` field will be empty unless the video was successfully rendered.

The video can be one of the following status
- `draft` - not currently used
- `queued` - the job is queued and waiting for a GPU
- `rendering` - the generation is in progress
- `complete` - the video is successful created
- `error` - an error occurred during rendering
- `canceled` - video render is canceled by the user


**API Endpoint**: `GET /v1/video-projects/{id}`

#### Parameters

| Parameter | Required | Description | Example |
|-----------|:--------:|-------------|--------|
| `id` | ✓ | Unique ID of the video project. This value is returned by all of the POST APIs that create a video. | `"cuid-example"` |

#### Example Snippet

```typescript
import Client from "magic-hour";

const client = new Client({ token: process.env["API_TOKEN"]!! });
const res = await client.v1.videoProjects.get({ id: "cuid-example" });

```

#### Response

##### Type
[V1VideoProjectsGetResponse](/src/types/v1-video-projects-get-response.ts)

##### Example
`{"createdAt": "1970-01-01T00:00:00", "creditsCharged": 450, "download": {"expiresAt": "2024-10-19T05:16:19.027Z", "url": "https://videos.magichour.ai/id/output.mp4"}, "downloads": [{"expiresAt": "2024-10-19T05:16:19.027Z", "url": "https://videos.magichour.ai/id/output.mp4"}], "enabled": true, "endSeconds": 15.0, "error": {"code": "no_source_face", "message": "Please use an image with a detectable face"}, "fps": 30.0, "height": 960, "id": "cuid-example", "name": "Example Name", "startSeconds": 0.0, "status": "complete", "totalFrameCost": 450, "type": "FACE_SWAP", "width": 512}`
